how about some pork fried rice tonight
everybody I was getting kind of hungry
I had this pork chop it's been thought
up my refrigerator for a few days it's
been a ziploc bag so what I did was I
just cut it up I've been having he's
been sitting on that bone marinating in
some of my soy sauce and some black
pepper about a half an hour
I got about up like I said you guys
watched my videos I don't measure
nothing that might be 3/4 of a cup of
frozen peas and carrots but a half of an
onion white onion yep green onion will
be good wouldn't it I don't have any it
was about two day old rice it's been in
frigerator so I better use it for
something I ain't gonna let it go spoil
whatever I'm gonna use one egg Lots I've
seen lots of people use two three
sometimes three eggs that's a lot of
eggs anyway I got some Oh up right there
and I look in there got me a walk that's
right that gets might be coming up
probably your own couple tablespoons
maybe you go oh let's get our pork put
it in there yeah it's hot God put it
down man put it down
but keep that pork cooked up
yeah come back this kind of heat back
there without mediums I don't know if
you don't look excited all mourn about
in between pixels
all right
no censure you sit here watching it cook
we'll be back all right so our pork is
finished it's been cooking for about
five or six minutes like is on pretty
high heat so it's finished I'm gonna
pull it out actually this might be
easier to do like this place it to the
side now right here I'll see a lot of
people say to clean your wok take it out
you know wipe it down whatever why
there's no bacteria in there it's all
cooked up its flavor add your onions in
now it's like they're gonna heat back up
those onions cook for a minute or two
been a couple of minutes the onions are
certainly there's a little bit Brown but
still real crispy add in your frozen
vegetable cook them with the onions like
that damn guys get to know each other
pretty good while those are starting to
cook a little bit inhale have you
settled beer hey you know since you guys
sitting watching somebody cook pork
fried rice for 20 minutes I don't know
why I just just lately I've just been
getting on my nerves I don't like long
videos keep them short people pay
attention to I'm sure that's gonna keep
this one short two minutes two minutes
that's it off did you crap out of
the way warm over here in the same plate
with your pork I'll put the rest
don't walk you walk out leave it alone
and looks a little bit more old now had
your rice in this case days old rice I
just want it to three day old rice
it's already been the season with the
salt and pepper when I cooked it but
right now I'm off with some garlic
powder in it if you don't like garlic
powder don't put it in there it's
alright but what you like in it it's
your food if you want your video when
somebody does something that you don't
like don't do it ain't no big deal all
right now while that rock is getting
heated up it's a good time to add some
sugar not a lot a good healthy pinch of
sugar push me that makes it dude is in
there
you don't want sugar don't add it I tell
you it makes my wrath pretty damn good
all right
like it's a little whale right there and
little ole
right center of it is like that egg
crack it stop her in there just like
that
check out scrambled up
make sure you got to see what I'm doing
yep you can see gonna zoom Union got me
looking a far-off there you go how about
that egg scrambled up
I'm not following the camcorder right
now because you got a sleeve this if
you've never made it yeah I've made it
you're bored Bentley I went okay look at
it cook for a minute or two or less
start getting that rice involved with
that egg right
as always I guarantee either better way
to do this but this is my way let's get
our meat and our veggies there's that
guys mmm
step it in there beautimous just like I
sold all right we'll be back
hey it's been cooking for a minute or so
you'll set some more soy sauce just a
little you don't need a whole lot
plenty right there
that meets already been marinating in it
looking pretty good
he let it finish
alrighty there's the end result take a
look at that guy's mm-hmm
pretty good guarantee it mmm
split poor let's get a try cheers our
body and thanks for watching
I don't know where you're at back